[Music]
hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so the
other day a photo was leaked on slash
leaks that looks to be the upcoming one
plus seven and this is a photo that
speaks volumes of what this phone is
gonna look like if it's accurate it's
gonna be a phone with no notches no
cameras nothing on the front screen it's
gonna be a thinly bezel phone and it's
gonna look super clean and we've seen
other notch list phones from other
companies before right like vivo quoi
Way Xiaomi and even Lenovo they all have
these notch list camera list designs
that look good but this might be the
first notch list and obstruction free
display phone that we see readily
available in North America so I'll work
with Verizon and stuff like that and the
way they've done this the way they've
achieved this look is through a sliding
mechanism it's not clear whether it's a
sliding pop-up camera or if it's more
traditional a slider mechanism but those
camera holes in that leaked photo really
say something about how that cameras
gonna work and when you first see this
the first thing that popped in my mind
any kind of sliding phone is that a
sliding mechanism is gonna have more
problems right like more moving parts
more risk of failure but we've seen some
really durable sliding phones over the
years like we've seen stuff like the
sidekick phones we've seen some really
good blackberry phones like the D Tech
phones the Prive they're all really well
built if you build it properly and I'm
assuming that the one plus seven is
gonna be well built because oneplus
phones tend to have good build quality
but having a sliding mechanism in any
phone is gonna take up space like you
have to have a rail system you have to
have different layers of materials to
cover up the two halves of the phone
like it's essentially two halves and a
phone that slide past one or another and
that takes up a lot more space than not
having a sliding mechanism and it's
weird because oneplus is a company that
removed their headphone jack for the
sake of saving space and this is for a
phone company whose user base loves the
headphone jack but this is the state of
the industry right now we're in a market
where phone companies have to do stuff
like this they have to focus on
aesthetics to differentiate themselves
between everyone else like how do you
sell a phone that fundamentally isn't
that different from all the other ones
out there this you do something like
this and it works it's such a
cool-looking phone it also says
something about oneplus as a company
like these guys develop fast they went
from the notch on the oneplus 6 to at
the teardrop notch on the 60 now to
in a span of like 12 months it went from
a regular-sized knotch to a notch less
slider phone which is cool right they're
not first to market with this technology
but they're bringing it to the masses
it's probably gonna have the Snapdragon
855 and then further down the line
they'll have a more premium 5g version
but the thing that interests me most
about this whole thing is pricing so one
plus they started off with excellent
pricing at this point in time though
they're not really like a budget brand
once you pass that 500 dollar mark there
I mean they're clearly past that budget
phone tier they're in that like mid tier
market a very saturated market but
they're doing well in this market I'm
curious to see what this thing comes in
at because the last version the sixty
was already priced a little bit higher
than I'd like I mean it was a great
phone it just wasn't a cheap phone by
any means and if the oneplus seven looks
like those renders and if it looks like
the way that that leaks suggest and it's
gonna be super clean on the front I
think it's me like a $600 phone it's
gonna be a great looking phone and
oneplus is gonna package it with all the
good stuff like warp charge and oxygen
OS but a lot of that price premium is
gonna go to the design to the relatively
unique look of that phone and personally
I think it's worth it I think I would be
willing to pay that kind of money for a
phone that looks super clean like that
but I'm not everybody obviously would
you I'm curious let me know okay hope
you guys enjoy this video thumbs we
liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time